
12th August - Stadium (Closing Ceremony)

reached Park at 10am.
tried to get Closing Ceremony pin badge in shop - not released until 4pm (thank goodness for Nicole Woods (2012Tweeps) for securing me a badge!)
First trip to Eton Manor - snuck a look at the courts
Wore Union Jack dress - obviously got attention.
Had to make way to stadium to do run through stood outside in sun for hours - got sunburnt, and was hungry!
Finally walked into FOP, stood there or about 15 mintues before told to make way back to Eton Manor. Felt like a big waste of time! Still hungry.
In costume over bridge - traffic horns
Hearing Emelie Sande
Chinese ask to have photo taken with me!
Belgian gives me a badge
Have to tell a belgian to get off of the boarding (he argus that they are sitting on them opposite, but I stand firm)
Pictures with Dan Purvis, Kristian Thomas and Louis Smith. Russell brand. Battery dies. Run to Eton Manor, grab stuff and Run to Stratford to catch last tain.
Get on train that goes via grays.

9th August - Dagenham (2nd Half Dress Rehearsal)

Our very own private gig, featuring:
Spice Girls/The Who/George Michael/Fatboy Slim/Russell Brand/Eric Idle/Jessie J/Tinie Tempah/Kaiserchiefs

Jessie J - mic broke, so ran through again

No athletes so could focus fully on performance and performers acknowledged us (compared to on the night when TV camera focussed)

6th August - Dagenham (1st Half Dress Rehearsal)

I am having a disaster today! Left my headphones at home - trying to get another pair - not going well!

Trying to get my OCC pass upgrade and not seemingly happening.

Just got told off for having my phone out when I hadn't been told I wasn't allowed to.

I just want to find a corner and cry!

Well, I've found out the reason they were screaming for phones to be put away! Some of the big name talent are here rehearsing today!

First half run through of ZC - do we have to announce the national anthem?

Mostly waiting as we enter towards the end of the second half. Today was also the first day that Kim Gavin introduced himself to the marshalls. It was only over in-ears and still never saw him face to face. Stark contrast to the way we were treated by Danny Boyle.

4th August

Mostly standing around again. Walking into place as quickly as we could. Wellies were required!

27th July - Stadium (Opening Ceremony)

Putting coverage onto iPad (crowds around me)
Get the Aussies of the waterwheel!
Muhammad Ali
Bradley Wiggens
Applause after first rumble
Conclusion of rings
Arctic Monkeys
Doves
Macca
Columbia/Germany/Philippines/Turkey/Great Britain
Natascha Keller
Usain Bolt enters
Team GB enters

25th July - Stadium (2nd Technical Rehearsal)

Picture taken with torch
Watching GB women football
Husband and Mum attend.
Husband said "the drums scared the shit out of him"
#SaveTheSurprise

23rd July - Stadium (1st Technical Rehearsal)

Nerves beforehand
So please at response

21st July - Stadium (Full dress reharsal)

15th July - Stadium (Marshalling)


14th July - Stadium (Drumming)

I've heard from unreliable sources that this weekend's rehearsals are all about transitions. This led me to believe today's rehearsal would be extremely boring. I was right. There was a lot of standing around, particularly for us Tor drummers, who again weren't allowed on the Tor due to the rain. One thing regarding the rain is that I was lucky enough to not get wet at all. I did have to stand in the open for periods of time, but they always managed to fall in the few dry spells. There were lots of people who did get soaked.

Due to the amount of standing around, there was a lot of mucking about amongst the drummers, which frustrated me a little bit when they didn't really know what they were doing later on.

Also frustrated that us drummers didn't actually do anything until gone 12, so I could have stayed in bed another 3hours, but at least our rehearsal tomorrow has been pushed back so I can get a bit of a lay in!

Another frustration is my fussy eating, food choices of chicken tikka, crayfish or cheese - had to go for the tikka despite my hatred of Indian spices, managed to eat about a 1/3 of it before I couldn't eat anymore, I also managed to swap my Sour Cream &Chive Pringles for Original (all be it, an already opened pack with one eaten from it! Lol)

Anyway, got my free swag at the end of the rehearsal, just a Ceremonies T-shirt, but it's exclusive to us, so that's nice.

Just realised how it must read like all I am doing is moaning, but I promise, I never forget just how lucky I am to be part of this event, and there are moments that just makes my hair stand on end and brings tears to my eyes, such as seeing the rings coming together at the end of our segment, I think that is undoubtedly going to be moment to remember for me, and hope it is splashed everywhere the day after so that I can keep all of the photo's of it for my own memory of it.

I love sport and I love the Olympics, and never thought I would get the opportunity to be this involved in it, as my husband once said, it's a dream I didn't even know existed, come true!

12th July - Stadium (Marshalling)

I've talked about it raining during rehearsals before, but I've always managed to avoid getting wet through us drummers being on the podium level, and safely under cover. Today, we did marshalling. Today, it didn't stop raining. My feet are soaked through, and I am squelching like a good 'un. My trousers are soaked through. I am cold. I am hungry, as for the first time, I didn't like any of the sandwich choices (I plumped for Beef and Horseradish, but didn't have the guts to try it!). I am tired, what with working 9-5 and then not getting back from rehearsals until 12 on Tuesday night. I'm not 100% sure how I will be getting home from the various dress rehearsals (although my wonderful husband is helping me to secure transport!)

Despite all of these downs, I am still more excited than ever to be a part of this. I wouldn't give this up for the world!!!

Today, as our marshalling roles involves drumming, we asked what we would be drumming. The responses was that since we're all expert drummers, they'll just let us jam. I am an expert drummer!?! I know I keep going on about it, but I am NOT an expert drummer, but I quite obviously have natural rhythm!

Saw some of the placard bearers, with their placards today, and I have to say, they are pretty cool. I just imagined some card on a stick with the name on the card, but they a metal contraptions that sit on the shoulders with the name actually in metal. I wonder if the PLB's get to keep them, that would be cool! Also, got to see some more of the lighting effects on the seats that are pretty stunning, including welcome, runner, cyclist and flame effect. It's amazing what can be done these days! Also saw some of the graphics to go on the big screens for the entry of each country, and it's pretty cool, includes a "globe" that spins to highlight where the country is in the world.

10th July - Stadium (Drumming)

Another slow, wet rehearsal, but I have to make sure I take everything in now, because on the night it is going to fly by! Managed to pick up my "I am in need of a drink" badge from JessyKar! Found out we won't be coming out of the Vom anymore, but we are going to make "wedges" next to the Tor and then go back up and to onto the Tor from the back! Wasn't allowed to practise it to it as too wet, we practically had a monsoon in the middle of tonight's rehearsal! Hope we get plenty of chance to between now and show night though, especially if it is wet on the night!

Also got myself videoed again, it was so cool, he was videoing someone next to the person next to me briefly, and then he suddenly swung the camera around to me, as if I caught his eye, and lingered on me for quite a while. I may be getting my hopes up, but truly feel like I might get a shot of a close up on the night, I want everyone who is watching it purely for me to actually see me, even if it is only brief!

Got to see the pyrotechnics for just one of the rings tonight, it was pretty sensational, just imagine what it's going to be like with all 5! It's moments like that, that remind be just how lucky I am to be this close to such an amazing moment! I miss my children and husband so much sometimes, but I am never going to have this opportunity again, and I would forever be regretting it if I didn't do this! The rehearsal over ran and I had the chance to go home, or stay a little longer and be part of a recording for Rick. I decided to stay, I just want to soak up every ounce from this experience that I can!

7th July - 1:1 (Costume Call)

Cancelled! This rehearsal had been scheduled to be a marshalling rehearsal, however it got changed to a costume call, and since I have had all 3 fittings, I didn't have to go! Meant I got to spend all weekend with my family - could not have happened on a better weekend!

This also meant that all of my rehearsals prior to the Opening Ceremony are in the stadium.

1st July - Stadium (Drumming)

Mini-Tweep meet with Sarah! Woohoo!

Today's rehearsal was awesome! Got to go up the Tor again, and felt tears welling when the rings started coming together! Due to logistics, group 5 didn't practise coming from the Vom today, so we had to split ourselves between group 4 and 6. They were not very welcoming! Ah well, the chamerderie in group 5 seems good enough.

Rick had his first 'diva' moment today. For some reason Forget You started being played into the drummers ear - Rick asked repeatedly for it to be turned off - he was not happy about it, this literally went on for minutes!

30th June - 1:1 (Marshalling)

Today was so boring, and all but the last 10 minutes just seemed like a waste of time. But, you have to take the rough with the smooth! It started off in home-base positions, going over some of the cannons and moves - only people around me really didn't seem to be getting the hang of it! We then went to our entrance Vom's and practiced coming onto the field of play for the marshalling.

At the very end, us lucky 80 who will be following the Athlete's pretended to be them so the others could practise their flippers and gestures - that was the fun part!

Oh, and I mustn't forget meeting JessyKar and getting a delicious cupcake!!!

25th June - Stadium (Drumming)

Whilst waiting for tonight's rehearsal to begin we saw all 7 chimneys raised and a bellows being tested. We also saw the rings on varying states of motion.

Tonight's blocking including my group 5 coming through VOM2 as opposed to an aisle like the majority of the drummers entrance. This was a little disappointing, quite liked the idea of coming through the audience, but might encourage some TV exposure. Later found out that we were going to be going up the Tor. I was right near the top and it literally took my breath away. I was a little wary at first. I'm not the best with heights, but I would willing suffer this for the Olympic Opening Ceremony! Once we went up the second time, there were no problems going up, just one section coming down that seemed a little slippery and steep. If they decide to put us up there - which would be immense - then I am sure we will get plenty of practise and therefore would get used to it!

Saturday's rehearsal at Dagenham will be marshalling, find out positions for the torch entry and cauldron lighting. Should be interesting given what my role for the Athletes' parade is!

24th June - Stadium (Drumming)

Today was not particularly eventful for the drummers - it primarily for us to see what was happening on stage during our drumming. I do feel for the guys on stage clearing it. After the night of rain we had, must have been a horrendous job, and then the torrential downpour that occurred. I was very grateful to be safely undercover for that - although a little worried about my bag and coat (and the contents of it)

Additional: On returning from this rehearsal, found out that @ginger_rower (Sarah Langslow) was there today. She is in a group of 50 suffragettes. Both at the stadium again next Sunday so must plan to meet then!

23rd June - UDAC (Accreditation Collection)

So today I went and collected my Games-time accreditation. Took a little longer than standard due to my name change. Very glad I was organised and brought my birth and marriage certificate as well as my passport. For a moment, I feared I was going to have to wait for another background check, but grateful for marrying someone with a similar name to save me this bother!

On returning home, discovered that the pass only had the OOC and not OCC on. Will need to find out from Haith/Hannah what I need to do!

Additional: (added 25/6)

Found out tonight that we will not be made to go back to get OCC added and will receive an upgrade at one of our scheduled rehearsals.

19th June - Stadium (Marshalling/Drumming)

So tonight was the first rehearsal inside the Olympic Stadium, it's changed a bit since I was there for the BUCS Athletics! I am proud to say we were the first volunteer performers to have a rehearsal in there, and I was the first volunteer performer up on the stage! Mass were trying to get us set into home base as quickly as they could, but I couldn't help but stop in the middle of the stage for a moment to take a look around and fully appreciate the moment! We were then taught our "7 dials position" and told what each groups role for the Athletes' Parade was. Some would be making flippers to guide the athletes in the direction that we want them to go in, other are responsible for guiding the flag bearers to where they need to go.

I am in a group of 80 who have drums and will be following athletes around the track trying to hurry on countries that are known for their slowness. We will be going around the track about 7 times - pretty cool!

We also did some drumming - going up into the podium level and finding out the rough area we will be making our first entrance from.

17th June - 1:1 (Drumming)

For most of tonight's rehearsal we were on an uneven rough bit of terrain, just drumming. We did briefing do " bunches of grapes" and the rehearsal ended with us drumming whilst the field of play action took play. There is a lot going on whilst we're drumming, and that doesn't even incorporate the parade that'll be going around!

9th June - 1:1 (Drumming)

Today we got given our bib number that will be ours for the rest of the rehearsals! We are also in groups. My group is 5 and bib is 060. I am the third in sequence in my group and have been assigned a metal bin. The drum captain told us the the bass bins and metal bins have been given to the more experienced drummers - I have begun to feel incredibly out of my league! I am obviously surrounded by actual drummers. I feel like they are going to find out I'm not actually a drummer and kicked out! I know that sounds stupid, and it is, but I just don't want to lose this opportunity!

Yet more drumming, sounds boring but still grateful for all the practise! Starting to feel comfortable with the drumming and moving, but struggling with the drumming,moving and screaming - but I'll get there! I also had my costume fitting for closing ceremony today. It is blue shorts, blazer and bowler hat, reminded me a little of British Airways flight stewards for some reason! I wonder what will happen to our costumes afterwards? I hope we get to keep at least one set for memorabilia.

My costume fitting was on returning to lunch, and when I got back to the rehearsal they were practising organised chaos which made it very hard to find my group!!!

6th June - 3 Mills (Drumming)

We've only just begun, and yet it's already the last rehearsal at 3 Mills! This is only my 5th visit here (2 auditions and 3 rehearsals) but it already feels like home, and there will always be a place in my heart for it. Today, we did yet more of exactly what we have been doing at all of the previous drumming rehearsals. Not that I am complaining, in fact far from it, the more I do it the more comfortable I will be with it - so it's just what I need! Just as I was getting the hang of the rhythms,  they added some movement along with it, which put me right back to the beginning again. There was some excitement for me today. There was a cameraman there, and I actually got videoed, not just as part of the group, but the cameraman was focussed right on me. Started pointing at my feet and then was panning up and down. I hope it was for the right reasons1 When I saw his focus the camera on me, my insides went to jelly, but I think I did a good job of making sure my outside didn't! We also did some sound recording with Rick today, as well as drumming, we recorded some shouts. Danny Boyle was there again tonight too. He genuinely seems like such a nice, normal fellow. It's a pleasure to be working for him.

29th May - 3 Mills (Drumming)

Back to just 250 of us today, and was all about the drumming, mostly repeating everything we learnt last week again and again. I imagine some of the real drummers are pretty bored of it by now, but people like me who haven't really drummed before need it! I also managed to have my costume fitting  for the drumming and the Opening Ceremony marshalling today. The drumming costume is styled for the Industrial Revolution.. Rough and dirty! Mine consisted of trousers, with a skirt over the top, which they then tucked some of into the waist of my trousers. I also had a kind of blouse and a bonnet. I initially had an apron, but then they removed it. The marshalling is black skinning jeans and a long-sleeved white top, with this strange grass pattern on it. Quite surprised to see that most of the row next to me (the 70's) were missing today!

26th May - 1:1 (Marshalling)

First rehearsal at Dagenham and with all 1000 drummers! We were rehearsing at the same time as the NhS workers, and got to see some of the shapes they'll be making. Our rehearsal was all about marshalling today. We were split into 5 groups of 200 - each group was given a warrior name, I was a Samurai! We learnt some military style moves, and some dance moves, as well as flippers and cannons.

22nd May - 3 Mills (Drumming)

So tonight was my first rehearsal for the Olympic Opening and Closing Ceremonies. It started off with Danny Boyle personally showing us his model of the Olympic Stadium. There's the bell on the north, the Gladtonbury Tor on the south. The Royal Box will be on the west. There will be two mosh pit areas, one near the Tor with Glastonbury style flags, and the othe rear the bell, representing the Last Night of the Proms. There will be live animals and green countryside. It all looked very idyllic. We then got shown a pre-vis of what our section will look like. It is called 'Pandemonium'. We will be led by Evelyn Glenny.  There will be 7 chimneys risen through the sequence. A parade around the outside, including suffragettes and The Beatles. It will end with the Olympic rings suspended above the stadium, with Ironworks style fireworks coming from them. It is thought this will be the image that is on the front of all the newspapers worldwide the following morning. We will be drumming whilst this is all happening. Once we have finished this, we will then go back stage, have a change of costume, and come back to marshall the Atheletes' for their parade!  We will be staying with them until the very end, confirming my hope that I would have a prime position to see the Torch enter and the flame be lit!!! We will then be repeating the marshalling role for the Closing Ceremony. Started to learn some rhythms on the "drums" (they are actual plastic buckets/metal buckets/plastic bins) I got given a metal one to use, which I enjoyed playing, I wouldn't like to use one of the big bass bins! A whole lot of fun was had all around and just left me even more pumped for it!






Sent from Ellie's iPad
